#summary A guide to installing and compiling project from source

=Installation Guide=
This page guides you through installing and running the Android application from source in Eclipse.

==Plugins and SDKs Required==

External plugins required:

  * Android Developer Tools (ADT) for eclipse
  * Google Plugin 

Libraries required:
  * Android 4.0. SDK
  * Google Web Toolkit SDK (GWT)

==Checking out Project==
The Android and Google App Engine projects can be imported using SVN and the following checkout URL:

http://rich-2012-cafe.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/

These projects are named Rich2012Cafe-Android and Rich2012Cafe-AppEngine respectively.

==Prior to Running==
The following steps are required before running the application.

===Add shared source folder to Android project===
 * Select the Android project.
 * Right click and select New > Folder.
 * Ensure the Android project is selected.
 * Select Advanced and then link to alternate location (Linked folder)
 * Select Browse and choose the shared folder within the Google App Engine project.
 * The shared folder will have now been added to the Android project.
 * If the shared folder isn't a source folder then:
   * Select the Android project
   * Right click and select New > Source Folder.
   * For Folder Name, click Select and choose the shared folder.

===Setting Annotations Factory===
 * Select the Android project.
 * Right click and select Properties.
 * Go to Java Compiler > Annotation Processing > Factory Path.
 * Select Edit and choose the location of our requestFactory-apt.jar (This is in the GWT eclipse plugin folder)

==Running Project==

 * Select the Android project.
 * Right click and select Debug As > Remote App Engine Connected Android Application.


Further installation help is given on: 
https://developers.google.com/eclipse/docs/appeng_android_install_setup